Ones not sure/guessing:
- For users with AWS Enterprise support, how does AWS help with infrastructure event management?
- What does the AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator provide?
- Which AWS services will support data replication across regions? (Select TWO.)
- A company wants to align costs related to Information Technology to the seasonal nature of the business, and pay for services as they are consumed rather than paying for servers upfront (Scheduled Reserved-exists???)

----------------
Overall Score: 90%

Topic Level Scoring:

1.0. Cloud Concepts          80%
2.0. Security and Compliance 100%
3.0. Technology              88%
4.0. Billing and Pricing     100%

----------------

Which AWS compute service is serverless?

A. Amazon EC2

B. AWS Lambda

C. Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS)

D. Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS)


A company is looking for help in designing a new cloud content-management application using AWS best practices.
Which of the following can provide guidance?

A.  Open a case with AWS Support.

B.  Review public blogs that cover application design.

C.  Use the AWS Well-Architected Tool.

D.  Open a ticket with AWS Managed Services.


Which on-premises expense will be reduced if the company migrates their application to Amazon EC2?

A.  Server hardware costs

B.  Amazon EBS storage costs

C.  Storage backup costs

D.  Costs of transferring data out to the internet



A user has petabytes of data to migrate to AWS.
Which service is MOST cost-effective and FASTER than transferring data over the internet?

A.  Amazon S3

B.  AWS Batch

C.  AWS Snowball

D.  AWS VPN



A company needs to consolidate billing from all of its AWS accounts for easier payment and reporting.
Which AWS service will meet this requirement?

A.  AWS Billing and Cost Management

B.  AWS Cost Explorer

C.  AWS Organizations

D.  AWS Trusted Advisor


Which AWS Service helps customers collect, process, and analyze real-time streaming data from sources such as operating logs, financial transactions, and social media feeds?

A.  Amazon Kinesis

B.  Amazon EMR

C.  Amazon Redshift

D.  Amazon Athena



For users with AWS Enterprise support, how does AWS help with infrastructure event management?

A.  AWS Config helps users plan for service disruptions and maintenance windows.

B.  AWS services integrate with Amazon CloudWatch to monitor all infrastructure events.

C.  AWS helps users plan for large-scale events such as product launches and marketing events.

D.  AWS provides a dedicated AWS staff member to monitor users' Amazon CloudWatch events.


Which of the following AWS Identiy and Access Management best practice helps protect an AWS account?

A.  Use the AWS account root user for long-term identity management operations.

B.  Disable the AWS root user account once IAM admin user has been created.

C.  Use AWS Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) to protect the AWS account root user.

D.  Generate access keys for long-term use for every IAM user in the AWS account.


A user wants the ability to easily scale compute resources in and out, while only paying for the resources used.
Which AWS Cloud architecture principle is this?

A.  Elasticity

B.  Fault tolerance

C.  Durability

D.  High availability


A user wants to implement loose coupling in their application architecture.
Which AWS service meets this requirement?

A.  Amazon SQS

B.  Amazon EBS

C.  Amazon Macie

D.  Amazon EC2


What does the AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator provide?

A.  Estimated costs for a hybrid AWS Cloud architecture

B.  Estimated savings when migrating to the AWS Cloud

C.  A price quote for AWS service costs for the next 30 days

D.  A prediction of annual costs for AWS services based upon current usage



Which AWS service makes it easy for you to create and manage keys and control the use of encryption across a wide range of AWS services and in your applications?

A.  AWS Shield

B.  AWS KMS

C.  AWS Secrets Manager

D.  AWS WAF



Under the Shared Responsibility Model, which of the following are responsibilities of AWS?

A.  Designing for disaster recovery.

B.  Updating guest operating systems.

C.  Provisioning new services.

D.  Securing physical infrastructure.


A customer has a fault tolerant application running on an Amazon EC2 instance which frequently writes to persistent storage.
Which AWS pricing model will provide the LOWEST costs for computing resources?

A.  On-Demand Instances

B.  Reserved Instances

C.  Dedicated Hosts

D.  Spot Instances


Which of the following is an AWS database service that provides virtually unlimited throughput and storage?

A.  Amazon DynamoDB

B.  Amazon RDS for Oracle

C.  Amazon Redshift

D.  Amazon Elasticsearch Service


A company needs to view a graphical description of its AWS expenses and service usage over time.
What AWS service will provide this information?

A.  AWS CloudTrail

B.  Amazon CloudWatch

C.  AWS Cost Explorer

D.  AWS Budgets


Which AWS services will support data replication across regions? (Select TWO.)

A.  Amazon S3

B.  Amazon Elastic Block Store

C.  Amazon Elastic File System

D.  AWS Storage Gateway

E.  Amazon Relational Database Service


A company wants to build and replicate its AWS infrastructure in multiple AWS Regions.
Which AWS service provides the capability for the customer to use templates to describe and then automatically provision the infrastructure resources?

A.  AWS Management Console

B.  AWS Config

C.  AWS CloudFormation

D.  AWS Systems Manager


A company wants to align costs related to Information Technology to the seasonal nature of the business, and pay for services as they are consumed rather than paying for servers upfront.
Which is the MOST cost-effective instance pricing model?

A.  Reserved

B.  Dedicated

C.  On-demand

D.  Scheduled Reserved


Which of the following are benefits of using the AWS Cloud? (Select TWO.)

A.  Increased agility

B.  Increased capital expense

C.  Additional IT staff

D.  Increased server idle time

E.  Ability to deploy globally in minutes

